hey man hey sir seemed kind of agitated
man shit ain't good right now I'm sorry
to hear that
hold on hey baby what's up
really Tracy College our Tracy real
college you gonna be kidding me that's
great
all right well hey listen let me talk to
you a little later all right yeah I just
got to wrap up some business here all
right bye uh amanda says she wants to
bring around the house sometime for
dinner one of these nights huh fuck yeah
I don't know what I did to deserve this
mother fucking locket got my kids back
my wife and a job that I love I mean I
made it we made it you and me bro what I
like dog and you know this I risked
everything for your ass dog what is this
look man me an you know this shit ain't
over dog we both really the fuck is this
you you you came here to fucking clip me
you fuck
the train track home
you see the trained asshole shit I get
past me
ah
shit
Mike hey man where you going
I just got consequences I
come on man let's do this me and you
know you sir running man Carl
we're finish this
very good you were like a son to me
we both goes to each other that's what
happened
this gotta ear right here man
Pikeville man I gotta look out for
myself there's the difference between us
I was looking out for you - that ain't
right
I don't like doing this man
why are you going up there
who put you up to this
Trevor you're an idiot we should take
him out together right now who roll on T
I brought you into my home Franklin oh
come on you prick I taught you
everything you know not everything I was
here long before you and I'll be here
after your heads we'll see about that
fuck I'll take you every time every
fucking time
yeah fucking it right
you man I'm so bitch I could have you
stand on a pair of your gun in the
fucking dang
Barca oh you just keep telling yourself
that ain't gonna make you feel any
better pass before miss homie
people don't fucking change you did you
two big gangster gone three big now
you're gonna cap the only one who was
ever decent deal ah no I trusted you
I took you in treated you like family
my let's just fuck you
hey you told me when the time came I
know I'm sorry yeah
well Dean hey Lamar it's me home
look I was just calling to see how you
was doing dog maybe we can hang out of
something and I know I've been kind of
caught up in shit man but sipping a real
crazy homie but it's dealt with now fuck
man you know how he is home you just
start running his shit and all of a
sudden your legs giving you just can't
run no more anyway man man just hit me
dog with brothers home hi hey
you